Q1

I'm an Electronics and Communication Engineering student from India. I do not have any interest in pursuing my career in Electronics and Communication field. I'm interested in studying computers, but my family can not support me in doing so. As my family is very financially unstable so I have to pay for this  on my own. I'm applying for the financial aid because the fees of this course is way beyond my pocket money ( or anything I can even think of paying). So on-line education (free) and Internet is the only medium for me to learn new things about computers. I'm applying for financial aid also because I have to decorate my CV (Curriculum vitae), as we all students know that the certifications given by coursera.org can be linked to linked.in (which is the professional social network) which can make the my struggle of supporting my family a bit relieving. I have already done a course from coursera.org and it was really helpful for me.

Q2

As I have already stated above that I'm an Electronics and Communication Engineering student and I do not have any interest in pursuing my career in Electronics and Communication field. I wish to do wonders in field of computers. I have already learned Linux terminal, Arduino, Shell Scripting for free (at youtube) using the WI-fi connection I had in my hostel and I have also completed a course namely "Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) by University of Michigan" on coursera.org (with certification), the course I want to do now is about data structures in python which is a course on the 5 course series about python. Learning python via coursera.org will help me in many aspects, Firstly the content  I get here in coursera.org is cream. Secondly the certification we get here at coursera.org is of a very high value. As we all know that python is a widely used high-level programming language for general-purpose programming, which is a very good stairway to the platform which contains all of the advance things such as AI, Machine Learning, Neural Networks. So by taking this course I will try reshaping my career in Computer Science.

q3
Because the amount I'm proposing to pay is very low to pay for and I have only that much money in hand.
